1. Which of the following is true about your app (at least one option must be checked):
App Scratch
You built your app from scratch and wrote the code that lets it interact with Intuit APIs and data
App Team Building
You used another platform or tool to build and code your app
What's the name of the platform or tool?
App Team Platform


Replit
Provide a link to the platform or tool’s website
App Team URL
https://replit.com/
Describe how your app interacts with the platform
App Team Details
Font

Salesforce Sans
Font Size

12
Replit vibecodes the app using agentic AI



App Integration Tool
Your app acts as a platform that lets other app developers (outside your team or company) integrate with QuickBooks
App Creation
You require your app users to create an additional app or profile on the Intuit Developer platform in order to use your app
App Instructed
You were asked to create this app in order to get credentials/keys to be used on another platform that integrates with QuickBooks
2. What platform(s) does your app utilize and make API calls from? (Select all that apply)
App Platform
Item Web/Browser moved to the list ChosenPress Ctrl (Cmd on Mac) + Left Arrow or Ctrl (Cmd on Mac) + Right Arrow to move items between lists. Supports single character navigation. Press CTRL + Space key to select the option.
Available
Web/SaaS
Mobile
Desktop app connecting to QuickBooks Online
Chosen
Web/Browser

3. How does your app interact with Intuit product data? (Select all that apply)
App Interaction
Item It writes data to Intuit product(s) (including Charge/ECheck transactions for payment processing) moved to the list ChosenPress Ctrl (Cmd on Mac) + Left Arrow or Ctrl (Cmd on Mac) + Right Arrow to move items between lists. Supports single character navigation. Press CTRL + Space key to select the option.
Available
It reads data from Intuit product(s)
It deletes data from Intuit product(s)
Other (specify)
Chosen
It writes data to Intuit product(s) (including Charge/ECheck transactions for payment processing)

4. Are you building a private app for your team or business? Or, do you plan to make it publicly available?
App Private

We're building a private app

5. Which types of QuickBooks Online users can use your app?
App User Types

Any user of the QuickBooks Online company

6. Does your app integrate with platforms other than Intuit?
App Large Platform

No

